#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
aiohappyeyeballs==2.4.3
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.10.9
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.6.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   openai
    #   sse-starlette
    #   starlette
astroid==3.3.5
    # via pylint
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via stack-data
attrs==24.2.0
    # via aiohttp
build==1.2.2.post1
    # via pip-tools
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   pip-tools
    #   uvicorn
contourpy==1.3.0
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via langchain-community
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
dill==0.3.9
    # via pylint
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
executing==2.1.0
    # via stack-data
fastapi==0.115.2
    # via
    #   langserve
    #   sse-starlette
filelock==3.16.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
flake8==7.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
fonttools==4.54.1
    # via matplotlib
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2024.9.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.6
    # via httpx
httpx==0.27.2
    # via
    #   langgraph-sdk
    #   langserve
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
httpx-sse==0.4.0
    # via langgraph-sdk
huggingface-hub==0.25.1
    # via
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
ipython==8.28.0
    # via -r requirements.in
isort==5.13.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pylint
jedi==0.19.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via torch
jiter==0.6.1
    # via openai
joblib==1.4.2
    # via scikit-learn
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
kiwisolver==1.4.7
    # via matplotlib
langchain==0.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-community
langchain-community==0.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-core==0.3.9
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-openai
    #   langchain-text-splitters
    #   langgraph
    #   langgraph-checkpoint
    #   langserve
langchain-openai==0.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.0
    # via langchain
langgraph==0.2.39
    # via -r requirements.in
langgraph-checkpoint==2.0.2
    # via langgraph
langgraph-sdk==0.1.34
    # via langgraph
langserve[all]==0.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
langsmith==0.1.132
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
markupsafe==3.0.0
    # via jinja2
marshmallow==3.22.0
    # via dataclasses-json
matplotlib==3.9.2
    # via -r requirements.in
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via ipython
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via
    #   flake8
    #   pylint
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
msgpack==1.1.0
    # via langgraph-checkpoint
multidict==6.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via typing-inspect
networkx==3.3
    # via torch
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   contourpy
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   transformers
openai==1.51.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-openai
orjson==3.10.7
    # via
    #   langgraph-sdk
    #   langserve
    #   langsmith
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   build
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   marshmallow
    #   matplotlib
    #   pytest
    #   transformers
pandas==2.2.3
    # via -r requirements.in
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
pillow==10.4.0
    # via matplotlib
pip-tools==7.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
platformdirs==4.3.6
    # via pylint
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via pytest
prompt-toolkit==3.0.48
    # via ipython
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via pexpect
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via stack-data
pycodestyle==2.12.1
    # via flake8
pydantic==2.9.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langserve
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.23.4
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.5.2
    # via langchain-community
pyflakes==3.2.0
    # via flake8
pygments==2.18.0
    # via ipython
pylint==3.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pyparsing==3.1.4
    # via matplotlib
pyproject-hooks==1.2.0
    # via
    #   build
    #   pip-tools
pytest==8.3.3
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via pydantic-settings
pytz==2024.2
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   transformers
regex==2024.9.11
    # via
    #   tiktoken
    #   transformers
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   tiktoken
    #   transformers
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via langsmith
safetensors==0.4.5
    # via transformers
scikit-learn==1.5.2
    # via -r requirements.in
scipy==1.14.1
    # via scikit-learn
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   openai
sqlalchemy==2.0.35
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
sse-starlette==1.8.2
    # via langserve
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
starlette==0.39.2
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   sse-starlette
sympy==1.13.3
    # via torch
tenacity==8.5.0
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
threadpoolctl==3.5.0
    # via scikit-learn
tiktoken==0.8.0
    # via langchain-openai
tokenizers==0.20.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   transformers
tomlkit==0.13.2
    # via pylint
torch==2.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
tqdm==4.66.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   openai
    #   transformers
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   matplotlib-inline
transformers==4.45.2
    # via -r requirements.in
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   torch
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
tzdata==2024.2
    # via pandas
urllib3==2.2.3
    # via requests
uvicorn==0.31.1
    # via sse-starlette
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
wheel==0.44.0
    # via pip-tools
yarl==1.13.1
    # via aiohttp

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
